Conversation Management Content (#50)
aseriousbiz/abbot-docs: src/convos/integrations-zendesk.md

### Creating a Zendesk ticket for a conversation

To create a Zendesk ticket from a conversation, select any message in the Slack thread for the conversation, open the "triple-dot" menu, and select "Manage Conversation"

<img width="311" alt="Screen Shot 2022-06-30 at 3 50 41 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7574/176791390-3e2bbdca-aeaa-4118-a5b7-136d9b520bdf.png">

On the dialog that appears, select "Create Ticket":

<img width="533" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7574/176793199-7e4a3bb5-a4d8-49e9-bb52-f564f539aeb1.png">

A new dialog will appear to allow you to enter a Subject and Description for the ticket.
In addition, you'll see the "Requester" that will be used on Zendesk, and the [Zendesk Organization linked to the current room](#linking-zendesk-organizations-to-rooms), if any.

<img width="535" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7574/176793352-41be35a1-eb9a-4b57-a7cd-ebe0870a6ac9.png">

Click the "Create" button and Abbot will start creating the ticket in the background.

<img width="537" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7574/176793527-4801f24b-b0b9-4fb5-bc20-a0a257c4987d.png">

> When the process is complete, Abbot will send you a DM with a link to the new ticket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the process is complete, Abbot will send you a direct message with a link to the new ticket
```
